fixed a bug (#30495)
demisto/content: Packs/MicrosoftGraphIdentityandAccess/ReleaseNotes/1_2_37.md

#### Integrations

##### Azure Active Directory Identity And Access

> - Fixed an issue where the *Client Credentials Flow* failed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where the *client authorization process* failed.
```
